What is up guys and what KMAX are now you can see that this is how our Web site is looking and we want
to start a new post.
Okay.
And then we're going to work with a tick and see that I have just one single post and nothing except
that and this these are the tabs right here and everything coming here.
So basically the first thing that we have to do is that we need to make our profile you can see that
my profile is like this.
I want to go ahead I want to change my name.
I want to add a profile picture and then I want to add about my bio about myself about my bio.
OK so I'm going to add about myself and then we're going to move forward.
OK.
So let's go to the users right here.
Let's go to the All Users and let's go to it right now.
OK.
And then what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to go down to my first name so I'm going to add my first name right here and now the last
name.
OK.
And then what I have to do I have to just enter my website if I have any.
So I have to enter my website and then I have to enter my Facebook or L my Twitter my Google Plus and
then my Pinterest tumbler Wordpress or Instagram.
OK.
And then I'm going to go down.
And here I have the biography in full so I'm going to go to the ellipse dot com slash feeds like each
team mail to grab some text and Demy content and then let's paste it.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to copy till here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to copy and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit paste.
You can see this is right here like this.
Also want to add a profile picture something to hit creditcards.com.
It's gonna take as to the Gravatar.
Now you can see it create your own Gravatar.
You have to go ahead and you have to make sure you sign up with your e-mail ID that you have use up
in the Word Press.
OK.
So there you go.
I have to enter my e-mail address right now.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to enter my user name continue and enter your password.
I'm going to enter my password right now and then I'm going to hit log in so you have to create your
account basically.
And you can see how the way you do like Avatar to use Free Press account.
I'm going to hit authorizing again see it's auto racing right now and I have a big e-mail to modify.
Whoops looks like you haven't added any e-mails so inmates so add one by clicking here so I'm going
to go ahead I'm going to hit upload and I'm going to upload an image tray here to my e-mail address.
I'm going to go to pray there and I'm going to see if it is my image.
So this is my image.
I'm going to upload it right now and I'm going to hit next.
And you can see this image just right here.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit Kropp it.
You can see this image right here.
And now here I'm going to go here.
I'm going to said tradings So this is crowd are suitable.
See this is the image that is here.
OK.
And then it is totally up and running so I'm going to go to my profile right here and you can see this
is how it is looking and everything is coming.
So I'm going to go back to my profile page and when I refreshed this you will see that image will appear
a team here to users Let's go to all users and see if the image appears.
OK.
That means he's appearing right now.
You can see that the image is coming right now.
Everything is OK.
So you can see everything is totally ok.
I just come here.
I can see this is grabbing the image from the crowded area here.
And this is coming.
OK.
I'm going to go to the dashboard and view my say cray here.
I'm going to close all these towns right here and if I just come here and I just open I'm this post
you're going to see how this post is going to look OK.
So here we have the title right here.
We have that posted by NZL.
We have December we have categories and then we have the rating right here and everything is up here
so I can also rate this post as well.
OK I can come here I can hit.
I can add my rating you can see you welcome to where prices of your first was added or deleted then
start trading.
OK.
So this is how it is coming.
Everything is looking totally OK.
What I'm going to do right now I'm going to add a new post.
Let's just come here.
Let's get just come here to post and then we're going to add a new post so let's just delete everything
from here.
I'm going to add a new post here and that is going to be I O S 11 bug fixes.
OK.
There we go.
I'm going to go to discovery here and I'm going to add a new featured image so full featured image you
guys already know that you can go to and splash dot com to grab some images.
OK.
You can place dot com and get stock photos.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go down so I see a photo of the phone.
I'm going to go to.
Just stop.
OK let's upload this one right here.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit said featured image.
OK.
So unclogging this this will be said as a featured image
so let's just click here and see this image is right here.
OK this image just coming totally ok.
I'm going to come here and you can see the sideburn location is this.
We have the featured post.
We can make it we can hide the author box we can hide related post we can hide title and me down this
post and we can get featured image on this post and hide Bow's trading so these are the extra settings
that you can add to your post.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm going to first add a new category because this is also important.
I'm going to add apple.
OK.
And there we go.
I'm going to add a new category.
And then here this is the company so I can also add appear in category or the subcategory.
You guys already know about it now because we have made a blog already.
OK.
So does unclogging this you're going to see this post is going to be publishable let's just go to a
dot com slash field to get some T.M. content.
OK.
And when I come here I'm going to crab all these are going to come here a copy and then come here and
paste it.
And let's have date it so on reading this post you'll see how amazing this post is going to look like.
You can see it this is how it is Irus 11 bug fixes by 10 0.
OK.
And then we have this is by Apple.
And then this is these are the categories right here which we can manage later on.
OK so this is the featured image and this is every content that is coming and I can also read and comment
as well.
OK so everything is looking totally ok.
I'm going to come here I'm going to go down.
And here we have a review box.
OK.
So here you can add some retitle that how you want the summary to be.
So here I can add some.
This is the best post ever.
OK.
So here we can add some re about this review.
And here we have the summary title and we have the breakdown so this is a table and here is the reading.
So you can also sign this reading.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to align this 95 percent treating.
OK.
So you can also break it down to number one and number two as well.
Let's just click here and we have the title break down.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit.
This is the break down title.
OK.
Alex come here.
Let's just come here and let's update our post and on of dating it.
See how it's going to look.
Here we go.
You can see that we have a score right here about this post that this post has received so much five
star reviews.
And this is the prigged own title and this is the summary So this is a review of this post that you
can add about here that this is disposed as all about dad.
Apple has released some thing and really some day because people do not.
Sometimes people do not want to just come here and read all this.
OK.
They just want a summarized version so you can get a summary as well.
And then we have this is the break down title that you can add these to something like that.
So if I just come here and you can also add about thing like this so I can just come here and like responsiveness
and something like that and then you can prigged down it responsive.
And then you can add it's like 58 percent.
How much how much people liked this post.
OK and then you going to come here and then you can add the rating to be like 99 percent.
And there we go.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit a date and you can see that out there on a dating.
This is also going to be updated.
And so this is the best team that I am telling you guys you can see it is showing the overall review
of everything that responsiveness is does and how much people like this was so 99 percent I can also
give it to my I can also give it my reading.
And there we go.
You can see how it is.
It is also going to change when I add my own rating.
So now what I'm going to do and talking about is that this is the complete theme that you can build
if you go to the previous fray here you can see this is the premise we have the common and I also have
given my reading and this has been applied here.
So if I just go to there and then I open up my extra you can see how this is coming so I have all the
latest polls straight here.
And then I have 11 bug fix this right here.
These posts are coming and these all also are coming right here so I have all top rated post.
And then I have all popular polls so data is how you can create it.
You can also manage it completely.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and let's add a new play out.
I'm going to go to Paul straight here and instead of the featured image I want to show a video right
here.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to add this post has a featured video.
Ok cool.
I'm going to go down.
And here I'm going to add some can then.
So let's just come here and let's like DiFiore here.
So on the video you can see that we have an sledded selecting the video we have video format options.
We can also add an audio and you will be having the audio format options.
We can also show a gallery.
We will be having a gallery options and then we can also show a map as well.
So I'm going to add a video right here.
And let's just grab a video so fast.
OK.
I'm going to go to YouTube dotcom to get some videos OK.
I'm going to go to
this right here.
OK.
I want to come here and I'm going to copy your right leg.
We wanted to show you how we created our own amazing here to edit post.
Let's go down let's go down and here.
Here we should be having this link so I'm going to add the link right here.
But I also want to add the feature image because that is also important.
I'm going to go to upload files and I mean come here and I'm going to upload this.
So let's just double click get any you can see this is being uploaded so once this is uploaded I'm going
to go ahead and I'm going to hit said featured image.
This is going to be uploaded and then let's see how this post is going to log on our home page.
So let's just come here.
We also want to assign the category Savill also assign the category.
So here you can see this post has been uploaded.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit said featured image and you can see
this is the image that has been said as featured.
I'm going to go to polish right now.
But before I I want to add this right here.
So we're going to add blogging tips.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit add new category.
And you can see this has been added.
I'm going to go to publish right now and this post is going to be published so let's just go ahead and
let's have a look at our Web site how it is looking right now.
I'm going to go to the visit site here and here you go you can see this is how it is we have a video
image right here.
And this is also coming.
But before you can see this feature images coming and then the video Bactrim is coming so if I just
click here you can see this video is automatically.
So what I'm going to do right now we're also going to add some more post.
You can see everything is coming.
I'm also going to show you how this team works where adults are going to create some post-ride like
here.
I mean it's imposed.
And then we're going to work more so in the next video I'll add some more posts and then I'll be back
saying guys and Bob.